README.md, before:

# template-nodejs
[![codecov](https://github.com/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/workflows/CI%20Build%20gate./badge.svg)](https://github.com/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+Build+gate.%22)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/)

🚧 The repository must be added to Codacy. Click the badge...
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/c8e046ebad254148950f6fea8f671594)](https://app.codacy.com/manual/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Dashboard)

🚧 The repository must be added in bettercodehub. Click the badge...
[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs?branch=master)](https://bettercodehub.com/)

🚧 The repository must be tuned with the SONAR_TOKEN in order to complete the sonarcloud scanner configuration. Click the badge...
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=undeadgrishnackh_template-nodejs&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=undeadgrishnackh_template-nodejs)

🚧 CodeScene must be configured to scan the repository. Click the badge...
[![CodeScene System Mastery](https://codescene.io/projects/7748/status-badges/system-mastery)](https://codescene.io/projects/7748)

Commit message:

chore: README refined and improved with the instruction to configure the badges

README.md, after:

# template-nodejs
[![codecov](https://github.com/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/workflows/CI%20Build%20gate./badge.svg)](https://github.com/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/actions?query=workflow%3A%22CI+Build+gate.%22)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs)

🚧 Snyk requires an authenticated account. add the `snyk auth --> snyk config get api` to the secret **SNYK_TOKEN**.
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/badge.svg)](https://snyk.io/test/github/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs/)

🚧 The repository must be added to Codacy. Click the badge...
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/c8e046ebad254148950f6fea8f671594)](https://app.codacy.com/manual/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Dashboard)

🚧 The repository must be added in bettercodehub. Click the badge...
[![BCH compliance](https://bettercodehub.com/edge/badge/undeadgrishnackh/template-nodejs?branch=master)](https://bettercodehub.com/)

🚧 Sonarcloud must me authenticated. Create the secret **SONAR_TOKEN** from [HERE](https://sonarcloud.io/account/security/)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=undeadgrishnackh_template-nodejs&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=undeadgrishnackh_template-nodejs)

🚧 CodeScene must be configured to scan the repository. Click the badge...
[![CodeScene System Mastery](https://codescene.io/projects/7748/status-badges/system-mastery)](https://codescene.io/projects/7748)
